[docs] Add note for `--durable_wal_write=true` on single-az deployments (#19286)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more details, see [Distributed parallel queries](../../api/ysql/exprs/func_yb_hash_code/#distributed-parallel-queries).
{{</tip>}}

> ## Single AZ deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Single availability zone (AZ) deployments
```

> In single AZ deployments, you need to set `--durable_wal_write=true` [gflag](../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver) in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In single AZ deployments, you need to set the [yb-tserver](../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver) flag `--durable_wal_write=true` to not lose data if the whole datacenter goes down (For example, power failure).
```

> yb-tserver to not lose data if the whole datacenter goes down (power failure etc).

Reviewer: delete this line. I have included it in the previous suggestion box already
